Describe W0023 (#6359)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/50 Common/utils/zz Errors and Warnings/W0023.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Appears if `devextreme` package version does not match versions of other DevExpress products used in the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Appears if the `devextreme` package version does not match other DevExpress product versions used in the application.
```
